CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program? 

> bible_search.py (Bible Search)

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve? 

> This program will address the problem that the Bible is really, really
long and it can be difficult to remember where certain words or phrases
are located. It will sort and display portions of the Bible based on
user input.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?

> I will learn how to use tkinter and how to organize
a more complex program.

4. What Python modules will your program use?

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

> This program will utilize csv, pytest, and tkinter, along with
any other modules I deem useful during development.

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

> I will separate my Python program into functions that each perform
a single task.

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?

> I will write test functions to test each of my program functions.
